Star Trek: The Original Series (Season 1)

S01E03 — Where No Man Has Gone Before
After the Enterprise attempts to cross the Great Barrier at the edge of the galaxy, crew members Gary Mitchell and Elizabeth Dehner develop "godlike" psychic powers, which threaten the safety of the crew.

S01E04 — The Naked Time
A strange, intoxicating infection, which lowers the crew's emotional inhibitions, spreads throughout the Enterprise. As the madness spreads, the entire ship is endangered.

S01E05 — The Enemy Within
While beaming up from planet Alpha 177, a transporter accident splits Captain Kirk into two beings: one "good", who is weak and indecisive, and one "evil", who is overly aggressive and domineering.

S01E10 — The Corbomite Maneuver
The Enterprise is menaced by a gigantic alien ship whose commander condemns the crew to death. The alien ship appears all-powerful, and the alien commander refuses all attempts at negotiation, forcing Kirk to employ an unorthodox strategy to save the ship.

S01E11 — The Menagerie, Part I
Spock hijacks the Enterprise to take his crippled former captain, Christopher Pike, to the forbidden world of Talos IV. He then demands a court martial, where he uses the events to tell the tale of Pike's captivity on the planet years earlier.

S01E12 — The Menagerie, Part II
After witnessing the Talosians' capabilities of mental illusion, Kirk realizes that Spock intends to return Pike to the planet to live a life of illusion, unencumbered by his crippled condition.

S01E14 — Balance of Terror
While investigating a series of destroyed outposts, the Enterprise discovers a lone Romulan vessel with a cloaking device. The Romulans, having never been seen by humans, are revealed to visually resemble Vulcans, casting doubt on Mr. Spock's loyalty.

S01E18 — Arena
The Enterprise comes under attack by unknown aliens while investigating the near-destruction of the Cestus III colony. While chasing the aliens into unexplored space, both ships are captured by the powerful Metrons, who force Kirk and the alien captain to trial by combat.

S01E22 — Space Seed
The Enterprise discovers an ancient sleeper ship, the SS Botany Bay, which escaped from Earth's Eugenics Wars in the late 20th century. The genetically engineered passengers, led by war criminal Khan Noonien Singh, seize control of the Enterprise and attempt to destroy the ship.

S01E24 — This Side of Paradise
Despite exposure to fatal radiation, the Federation colony on Omicron Ceti III appears to be thriving. A landing party from the Enterprise investigates, finding strange flowers that impose a state of pure bliss and perfect health on all exposed to its spores, but at the cost of ambition and self-discipline.

S01E25 — The Devil in the Dark
Dispatched to the mining colony on Janus VI, the Enterprise is to investigate rumors of a strange, subterranean creature responsible for destruction of equipment and the deaths of 50 miners. Kirk and Spock discover a silicon-based life form, a Horta, which lives in the surrounding rock.

S01E28 — The City on the Edge of Forever
After accidentally overdosing on a powerful stimulant, Dr. McCoy becomes unbalanced and disappears through the Guardian of Forever, a newly discovered time portal on a remote planet. Kirk and Spock follow after learning that McCoy somehow changed history. Arriving in the 1930s, Kirk finds himself falling in love with Edith Keeler, but Spock discovers that Keeler must die to restore the timeline.
